miss marvel is a new kind of superhero
but at the core of all of it her story
is so universal
miss marvel is one of the newer
characters in the marvel comics
and when one comes in that grabs the
world's imagination like this
the questions are when are we gonna
bring miss marvel to the screen
when ms marvel first came out we had
such an incredible reaction
it was so incredibly popular because
everybody could see themselves in her
i never saw a young teenager of color
specifically a pakistani
in the comic book are you kidding you
promised you'd be cool i am cool
the casting process was vast when we
discovered
iman we knew that she was kamala khan
it was unanimous yeah i can't comprehend
this right now
and then of course we've got a really
incredible
team of directors
mira menon and charmino beijing and all
of them
are taking the material and elevating it
so
human it's about a teenager figuring out
who she is and
about relationships family and
friendship is at the heart of the mcu
canon
that's what's so exciting about the
story that we're bringing is that we're
going to introduce you to a new family
that's also going to be part of the
wider
[Music]
[Applause]
mcu
hey